I'm always learning new skills. My current job as an English teacher in
Japan has me making lesson plans and building my self-confidence.
So, what I mean is, I'm in front of thirty other kids and I had never
been a teacher before, so it's really interesting to have on your
mind that each of these kids has to learn a certain thing. So, before
I have to make some kind of activity that teaches them some simple
English words, then I have to distribute that to them, to unbright
kids to really geniuses that already know English and everyone in between
and make sure that I'm doing a good effort. During that, I have
to sound confident. I learned lots of self-confidence being a Chief
in the military because I talked to thirty people all the time. Not
teaching them, well I teach them sometimes but not one hour of strong
teaching of the military things. It's just, kind of, explain to
them what to do and supervising them but teaching kids is a little bit
different. So, the confidence that I learned and teaching ability
that I learned are the two newest skills that I learned.